text
 A duck made her nest under some leaves. 
 She sat on the eggs to keep them warm. 
 At last the eggs broke, one after the other. 
 Little ducks came out. 
 Only one egg was left. 
 It was a very large one. 
 At last it broke, and out came a big, ugly duckling. 
 'What a big duckling!' said the old duck. 
 'He does not look like us. 
 Can he be a turkey? We will see. 
 If he does not like the water, he is not a duck. 
' The next day the mother duck took her ducklings to the pond. 
 Splash! Splash! The mother duck was in the water. 
 Then she called the ducklings to come in. 
 They all jumped in and began to swim. 
 The big, ugly duckling swam, too. 
 The mother duck said, 'He is not a turkey. 
 He is my own little duck. 
 He will not be so ugly when he is bigger. 
' Then she said to the ducklings, 'Come with me. 
 I want you to see the other ducks. 
 Stay by me and look out for the cat. 
' They all went into the duck yard. 
 What a noise the ducks made! While the mother duck was eating a big bug, an old duck bit the ugly duckling. 
 'Let him alone,' said the mother duck. 
 'He did not hurt you. 
' 'I know that,' said the duck, 'but he is so ugly, I bit him. 
' The next duck they met, said, 'You have lovely ducklings. 
 They are all pretty but one. 
 He is very ugly. 
' The mother duck said, 'I know he is not pretty. 
 But he is very good. 
' Then she said to the ducklings, 'Now, my dears, have a good time. 
' But the poor, big, ugly duckling did not have a good time. 
 The hens all bit him. 
 The big ducks walked on him. 
 The poor duckling was very sad. 
 He did not want to be so ugly. 
 But he could not help it. 
 He ran to hide under some bushes. 
 The little birds in the bushes were afraid and flew away. 
 'It is all because I am so ugly,' said the duckling. 
 So he ran away. 
 At night he came to an old house. 
 The house looked as if it would fall down. 
 It was so old. 
 But the wind blew so hard that the duckling went into the house. 
 An old woman lived there with her cat and her hen. 
 The old woman said, 'I will keep the duck. 
 I will have some eggs. 
' The next day, the cat saw the duckling and began to growl. 
 The hen said, 'Can you lay eggs?' The duckling said, 'No. 
' 'Then keep still,' said the hen. 
 The cat said, 'Can you growl?' 'No,' said the duckling. 
 'Then keep still,' said the cat. 
 And the duckling hid in a corner. 
 The next day he went for a walk. 
 He saw a big pond. 
 He said, 'I will have a good swim. 
' But all of the animals made fun of him. 
 He was so ugly. 
 The summer went by. 
 Then the leaves fell and it was very cold. 
 The poor duckling had a hard time. 
 It is too sad to tell what he did all winter. 
 At last it was spring. 
 The birds sang. 
 The ugly duckling was big now. 
 One day he flew far away. 
 Soon he saw three white swans on the lake. 
 He said, 'I am going to see those birds. 
 I am afraid they will kill me, for I am so ugly. 
' He put his head down to the water. 
 What did he see? He saw himself in the water. 
 But he was not an ugly duck. 
 He was a white swan. 
 The other swans came to see him. 
 The children said, 'Oh, see the lovely swans. 
 The one that came last is the best. 
' And they gave him bread and cake. 
 It was a happy time for the ugly duckling. 
 THE LITTLE PINE TREE A little pine tree was in the woods. 
 It had no leaves. 
 It had needles. 
 The little tree said, 'I do not like needles. 
 All the other trees in the woods have pretty leaves. 
 I want leaves, too. 
 But I will have better leaves. 
 I want gold leaves. 
' Night came and the little tree went to sleep. 
 A fairy came by and gave it gold leaves. 
 When the little tree woke it had leaves of gold. 
 It said, 'Oh, I am so pretty! No other tree has gold leaves. 
' Night came. 
 A man came by with a bag. 
 He saw the gold leaves. 
 He took them all and put them into his bag. 
 The poor little tree cried, 'I do not want gold leaves again. 
 I will have glass leaves. 
' So the little tree went to sleep. 
 The fairy came by and put the glass leaves on it. 
 The little tree woke and saw its glass leaves. 
 How pretty they looked in the sunshine! 'No other tree was so bright. 
 Then a wind came up. 
 It blew and blew. 
 The glass leaves all fell from the tree and were broken. 
 Again the little tree had no leaves. 
 It was very sad, and said, 'I will not have gold leaves and I will not have glass leaves. 
 I want green leaves. 
 I want to be like the other trees. 
' And the little tree went to sleep. 
 When it woke, it was like other trees. 
 It had green leaves. 
 A goat came by. 
 He saw the green leaves on the little tree. 
 The goat was hungry and he ate all the leaves. 
 Then the little tree said, 'I do not want any leaves. 
 I will not have green leaves, nor glass leaves, nor gold leaves. 
 I like my needles best. 
' And the little tree went to sleep. 
 The fairy gave it what it wanted. 
 When it woke, it had its needles again. 
 Then the little pine tree was happy. 
 It was very cold. 
 The snow fell and it was almost dark. 
 It was the last day of the year. 
 A little match girl was running in the street. 
 Her name was Gretchen. 
 She had no hat on. 
 Her feet were bare. 
 When she left home, she had on some big slippers of her mama's. 
 But they were so large that she lost them when she ran across the street. 
 Gretchen had a lot of matches in her old apron. 
 She had a little bunch in her hand. 
 But she could not sell her matches. 
 No one would buy them. 
 Poor little Gretchen! She was cold and hungry. 
 The snow fell on her curly hair. 
 But she did not think about that. 
 She saw lights in the houses. 
 She smelled good things cooking. 
 She said to herself, 'This is the last night of the year. 
' Gretchen got colder and colder. 
 She was afraid to go home. 
 She knew her papa would whip her, if she did not take some money to him. 
 It was as cold at home as in the street. 
 They were too poor to have a fire. 
 They had to put rags in the windows to keep out the wind. 
 Gretchen did not even have a bed. 
 She had to sleep on a pile of rags. 
 She sat down on a door step. 
 Her little hands were almost frozen. 
 She took a match and lighted it to warm her hands. 
 The match looked like a little candle. 
 Gretchen thought she was sitting by a big stove. 
 It was so bright. 
 She put the match near her feet, to warm them. 
 Then the light went out. 
 She did not think that she was by the stove any more. 
 Gretchen lighted another match. 
 Now she thought she could look into a room. 
 In this room was a table. 
 A white cloth and pretty dishes were on the table. 
 There was a roast turkey, too. 
 It was cooked and ready to eat. 
 The knife and fork were in his back. 
 The turkey jumped from the dish and ran to the little girl. 
 The light went out and she was in the cold and dark again. 
 Gretchen lighted another match. 
 Then she thought she was sitting by a Christmas tree. 
 Very many candles were on the tree. 
 It was full of pretty things. 
 Gretchen put up her little hands. 
 The light went out. 
 The lights on the Christmas tree went up, up, until she saw they were the stars. 
 Then she saw a star fall. 
 'Some one is dying,' said little Gretchen. 
 Her grandma had been very good to the little girl. 
 But she was dead. 
 The grandma had said, 'When a star falls some one is going to God. 
' The little girl lighted another match. 
 It made a big light. 
 Gretchen thought she saw her grandma. 
 She never looked so pretty before. 
 She looked so sweet and happy. 
 'O grandma,' said the little girl, 'take me. 
 When the light goes out you will go away. 
 The stove and the turkey and the Christmas tree all went away. 
' Then Gretchen lighted a bunch of matches. 
 She wanted to keep her grandma with her. 
 The matches made it very light. 
 The grandma took the little girl in her arms. 
 They went up, up, where they would never be cold or hungry. 
 They were with God. 
 The next day came. 
 Some men found a little girl in the street. 
 She was dead. 
 In her hand were the burned matches. 
 They said, 'Poor little thing, she froze to death. 
' They did not know how happy she was in heaven. 
 When May was six years old, her grandma made her a red coat with a hood. 
 She looked so pretty in it that the children all called her 'Red Riding-Hood. 
' One day her mama said, 'I want you to take this cake and some butter to grandma. 
' Red Riding-Hood was very glad to go. 
 She always had a good time at grandma's. 
 She put the things into her little basket and ran off. 
 When Red Riding-Hood came to the wood, she met a big wolf. 
 'Where are you going?' said the wolf. 
 Red Riding-Hood said, 'I am going to see my grandma. 
 Mama has made her a cake and some butter. 
' 'Does she live far?' said the wolf. 
 'Yes,' said Red Riding-Hood, 'in the white house by the mill. 
' 'I will go too, and we shall see who will get there first,' said the wolf. 
 The wolf ran off and took a short way, but Red Riding-Hood stopped to pick some flowers. 
 When the wolf got to the house, he tapped on the door. 
 The grandma said, 'Who is there?' The wolf made his voice as soft as he could. 
 He said, 'It is little Red Riding-Hood, grandma. 
' Then the old lady said, 'Pull the string and the door will open. 
' The wolf pulled the string and the door opened. 
 He ran in and ate the poor old lady. 
 Then he jumped into her bed and put on her cap. 
 When Red Riding-Hood tapped on the door, the wolf called out, 'Who is there?' Red Riding-Hood said, 'It is your little Red Riding-Hood, grandma. 
' Then the wolf said, 'Pull the string and the door will open. 
' When she went in, she said, 'Look, grandma, see the cake and butter mama has sent you. 
' 'Thank you, dear, put them on the table and come here. 
' When Red Riding-Hood went near the bed, she said, 'Oh, grandma, how big your arms are!' 'The better to hug you, my dear. 
' 'How big your ears are, grandma. 
' 'The better to hear you, my dear. 
' 'How big your eyes are, grandma. 
' 'The better to see you, my dear. 
' 'How big your teeth are, grandma!' 'The better to eat you. 
' Then the cruel wolf jumped up and ate poor little Red Riding-Hood. 
 Just then a hunter came by. 
 He heard Red Riding-Hood scream. 
 The hunter ran into the house and killed the old wolf. 
 When he cut the wolf open, out jumped Little Red Riding-Hood and her grandma. 
 Once upon a time three of the gods went on a journey. 
 One was Thor and one was Loki. 
 Loki was ugly and mean. 
 The gods liked to walk over the hills and rocks. 
 They could go very fast for they were so big. 
 The gods walked on and on. 
 At last they got very hungry. 
 Then they came to a field with cattle. 
 Thor killed a big ox and put the pieces into a pot. 
 They made a big fire but the meat would not cook. 
 They made the fire bigger and bigger, but the meat would not cook. 
 Then the gods were very cross. 
 Some one said, 'Give me my share, and I will make the meat cook. 
' The gods looked to see who was talking. 
 There in an oak tree was a big eagle. 
 The gods were so hungry that they said, 'Well, we will. 
' The supper was ready in a minute. 
 Then the eagle flew down to get his share. 
 He took the four legs and there was not much left but the ribs. 
 This made Loki cross for he was very hungry. 
 He took a long pole to hit the eagle. 
 But the pole stuck to the eagle's claws. 
 The other end stuck to Loki. 
 Then the eagle flew away. 
 He did not fly high. 
 He flew just high enough for Loki to hit against the stones. 
 Loki said, 'Please let me go! Oh, please let me go!' But the eagle said, 'No, you tried to kill me. 
 I will not let you go. 
' And the eagle hit him against the stones. 
 Loki said again, 'Please let me go!' But the eagle said, 'No, I have you now. 
' Then Loki knew the eagle was a giant and not a bird. 
 This giant had a suit of eagle's feathers. 
 He was flying in his eagle suit when he saw Loki. 
 Now the gods lived in a city named Asgard. 
 In this city Idun kept the beautiful golden apples. 
 When the gods felt they were growing old, they ate the apples and were young again. 
 The giant wanted to be like the gods. 
 So he said to Loki, 'I will let you go, if you will get me the apples of Idun. 
' But Loki said, 'I can't do that. 
' So the eagle bumped him on the stones again. 
 Then Loki said, 'I can't stand this. 
 I will get the apples for you. 
' Loki and the eagle went to the city. 
 The eagle stayed by the gate, but Loki went into the city. 
 He went up to Idun. 
 She was putting the apples into a beautiful golden box. 
 Loki said, 'Good morning, Idun Those are beautiful apples. 
' And Idun said, 'Yes, they are beautiful. 
' 'I saw some just like them, the other day,' said Loki. 
 Idun knew there were no other apples like these, and she said, 'That is strange. 
 I would like to see them. 
' Loki said, 'Come with me and I will show them to you. 
 It is only a little way. 
 Bring your apples with you. 
' As soon as Idun was out of the gates the eagle flew down. 
 He picked her up in his claws. 
 Then he flew away with her to his home. 
 Day after day passed and Idun did not come back. 
 The gods did not have the golden apples to eat, so they began to get old. 
 At last they said, 'Who let the apples go?' Then Loki looked pale and the gods said, 'Loki, you did it. 
' And Loki said, 'Yes, I did. 
' He did not tell a story that time. 
 Then Loki said, 'I will get Idun and the apples back, if I may have the falcon suit. 
' The gods said, 'You may have it, if you will bring the apples back. 
' Loki put on the falcon suit and flew away. 
 He looked like a big bird flying. 
 When Loki came to the giant's home, he was glad the giant was not there. 
 He changed Idun into a nut and then flew away with the nut. 
 When the giant came home, Idun was gone. 
 The golden apples were gone, too. 
 Then the giant put on his eagle suit and flew after Loki. 
 Loki heard the eagle coming. 
 Loki flew faster. 
 Poor Loki was all out of breath. 
 The eagle flew faster and faster. 
 Then the gods got on the walls to look for Loki. 
 They saw him coming and the eagle after him. 
 So they made fires on the walls. 
 At last Loki flew over the walls. 
 Then the gods lighted the fires. 
 The fires blazed up. 
 The eagle flew into the fire and was burned. 
 As soon as Loki put the nut down, it changed to Idun. 
 The gods ate the beautiful golden apples and were young again. 
 Sif was Thor's wife. 
 Sif had long golden hair. 
 Thor was very proud of Sif's golden hair. 
 Thor was always going on long journeys. 
 One day he went off and left Sif alone. 
 She went out on the porch and fell asleep. 
 Loki came along. 
 He was always playing tricks. 
 He saw Sif lying asleep. 
 He said, 'I am going to cut off her hair. 
' So Loki went up on the porch and cut off Sif's golden hair. 
 When Sif woke up and saw that her hair was gone, she cried and cried. 
 Then she ran to hide. 
 She did not want Thor to see her. 
 When Thor came home, he could not find Sif. 
 'Sif! Sif!' he called, 'Where are you?' But Sif did not answer. 
 Thor looked all around the house. 
 At last he found her crying. 
 'Oh, Thor, look, all my hair is gone! Somebody has cut it off. 
 It was a man. 
 He ran away with it. 
' Then Thor was very angry. 
 He said, 'I know it was Loki. 
 He is always getting into mischief. 
 Just wait until I get him!' And Thor went out to find Loki. 
 Pretty soon he found him. 
 Thor said, 'Did you cut off Sif's hair?' Loki said, 'Yes, I did. 
' 'Then you must pay for cutting off my wife's hair,' said Thor. 
 'All right,' said Loki, 'I will get you something better than the hair. 
' Loki went down, down into the ground to the home of the dwarfs. 
 It was very dark down there. 
 The only light came from the dwarfs' fires. 
 The dwarfs were ugly little black men. 
 They were not any bigger than your thumb. 
 They had crooked backs and crooked legs. 
 Their eyes looked like black beads. 
 Loki said, 'Can you make me a gold crown that will grow like real hair?' The dwarfs said, 'Yes, we can. 
' So the busy little dwarfs worked all night. 
 When morning came the dwarfs gave Loki his crown of golden hair. 
 They gave him a spear and a ship, too. 
 Loki took the things up to Asgard, where the gods all lived. 
 Then the gods all came up to him. 
 He showed them the things. 
 The gods said, 'They are very wonderful. 
' And Loki said, 'Oh, nobody else can make such things as my little dwarfs. 
' A little dwarf, named Brok, was standing near by. 
 He heard Loki say that. 
 Then he stepped up and said, 'My brother can make just as good things as these. 
' Loki laughed and said, 'If you can get three things as wonderful as these, I will give you my head. 
' Brok went down into the ground where his little dwarfs were working. 
 Brok's brother was named Sindre. 
 He said to his brother, 'Loki says that you can't make such nice things as his dwarfs can. 
 He said that he would give me his head if I could get him such wonderful things as his. 
' This made the dwarfs angry. 
 Their eyes grew big. 
 They said, 'He will see what we can do. 
' Sindre wanted to know what the wonderful things were. 
 Brok said, 'Loki has a golden crown that will grow like real hair. 
 A ship that can go anywhere. 
 A spear that never misses the mark. 
' 'We will show him,' said the dwarfs. 
 The dwarfs soon had the fires burning. 
 Then Sindre put a pigskin into the fire. 
 He gave the bellows to Brok and said, 'Now blow as hard as you can. 
' Then Sindre went out. 
 Brok blew and blew. 
 A little fly came in and bit him on the hand. 
 The fly bit him so hard that Brok thought he would have to stop blowing, but he did not. 
 Then Sindre came back. 
 He took out a golden pig from the fire. 
 He next put a lump of gold into the fire. 
 He said to Brok, 'Blow and blow and blow, and do not stop. 
' Then Sindre went out again. 
 So Brok blew as hard as he could. 
 Then the same fly came in and bit him again. 
 Brok thought that he could not stand it, but he kept on. 
 When Sindre came back, he took a gold ring from the fire. 
 Then Sindre put a lump of iron into the fire. 
 He said to Brok, 'Now blow as hard as you can. 
' And Sindre went out. 
 Brok blew and blew. 
 The same mean fly came again, and bit him on the forehead. 
 It bit so hard that the blood ran into his eyes. 
 Brok put up his hand to brush away the fly. 
 Just then Sindre came back. 
 He took the hammer out of the fire. 
 'There!' he said, 'You have almost spoiled it. 
 The handle is too short, but it cannot be helped now. 
' Brok hurried up to Asgard with his things. 
 All the gods came around to see. 
 Then Loki came up to show his things. 
 He put the crown of gold on Sif's head and it began to grow like real hair. 
 He gave the spear to Odin and said, 'This spear will never miss its mark. 
' Then he took out the ship. 
 He said, 'This is a wonderful ship. 
 It will sail on any sea, and yet you can fold it up and put it into your pocket. 
' Loki felt very proud, for he thought his things were the best. 
 All the gods felt very sorry for little Brok. 
 They thought Loki's things were fine. 
 They were afraid Brok's would not be so nice. 
 They said, 'Now, Brok, show your things. 
' Brok took out the gold ring. 
 He said, 'Each night this ring will throw off a ring just like it. 
 He gave the ring to Odin. 
' Then Brok took out the golden pig. 
 He said, 'This pig can go anywhere, on the ground or in the air. 
 It can go faster than any horse. 
 If the night is dark, the shining pig will make it light. 
' Then Brok showed the hammer. 
 He said, 'This is not a very pretty hammer. 
 When I was making it, Loki turned himself into a fly and made me spoil it. 
 The fly bit me so hard that I had to stop blowing. 
 So the handle is a little short. 
 But it is a wonderful hammer. 
 If you throw it at anything, it will hit the mark and come back to you. 
' The gods picked up the hammer and passed it around. 
 They said, 'It will be just the things with which to keep the Frost Giants out of Asgard. 
' The gods said, 'Brok's things are the best. 
' Brok gave the hammer to Thor. 
 That is the way Thor got his wonderful hammer. 
 Then Brok said to Loki, 'You said I could have your head if my things were the best. 
' And Loki was angry and said, 'Yes, I told you that you could have my head. 
 But you can't touch my neck. 
' Of course, Brok could not get his head without touching his neck. 
 So Brok did not get Loki's head. 
 The Frost Giants did not like the sunshine. 
 They did not like to see the flowers. 
 They did not like to hear the birds sing. 
 They wanted to spoil everything. 
 The Frost Giants wanted to get into Asgard. 
 But they did not know how. 
 They were afraid of Thor and his hammer. 
 They said, 'If we can only get the hammer, we can get into Asgard. 
' They talked and planned all night. 
 At last one Frost Giant said, 'I know how we can get the hammer. 
 I will dress in a bird suit. 
 Then I will fly up to Thor's house and get the hammer. 
' The next night the Frost Giant flew into the house while Thor was asleep. 
 He took the hammer and flew away with it. 
 When Thor woke, he put out his hand to get the hammer. 
 It was gone. 
 He said, 'Loki, the hammer is gone. 
 The Frost Giants have taken it. 
 We must get it back. 
' Loki said, 'I can get it back, if Freyja will let me have her falcon suit. 
' So he went to Freyja and said, 'Will you let me have your falcon suit? I can get the hammer back if you will. 
' Freyja said, 'Yes, of course I will. 
 If I had a gold suit you could have it. 
 Any thing to get the hammer back. 
' Loki took the falcon suit and put it on. 
 He flew over the city. 
 All the people saw him flying. 
 They said, 'What a strange bird!' They did not know that it was Loki going for the hammer. 
 When Loki came to the city of the Frost Giants, he took off the falcon suit. 
 He walked and walked until he came to Thrym's house. 
 Thrym was the giant who took the hammer. 
 Thrym was sitting on the porch, making gold collars for his dogs. 
 When he saw Loki, he said, 'What do you want?' Loki said, 'I have come for the hammer. 
' The old giant laughed and said, 'You will never get that hammer. 
 It is buried eight miles deep in the ground. 
 'But there is one way you can get it. 
 I will give you the hammer if you get Freyja for my wife. 
' So Loki went back to Asgard. 
 Thor said, 'Well, did you get the hammer?' 'No, but we can get it if Freyja will be Thrym's wife. 
' Then they went to Freyja's house. 
 They said, 'Put on your very best clothes and come with us. 
 You must be Thrym's wife. 
' Freyja said, 'Do you think I will be the Frost Giant's wife? I won't be his wife. 
' Thor said, 'We can get the hammer back if you will. 
' But Freyja said, 'No, I will not be his wife. 
' Loki said, 'You will have to, if we get the hammer back. 
' Still Freyja said, 'I will not go. 
' And she was very angry. 
 She shook so hard that she broke her necklace and it fell to the floor. 
 Then the gods said, 'Thor, you must dress like Freyja. 
 You will have to play you are the bride. 
' Thor said, 'I won't do it. 
 You will all laugh at me. 
 I won't dress up like a girl. 
' They said, 'Well, that is the only way we can get the hammer back. 
' Thor said, 'I do not like to dress like a girl, but I will do it. 
' Then they dressed Thor up like Freyja. 
 They put on Freyja's dress, necklace and vail, and braided his hair. 
 Loki said, 'I will dress up too, and be your servant. 
' They got into Thor's goat wagon and went to the Giants' home. 
 When the Frost Giants saw them coming, they said, 'Get ready, here comes the bride! We will sit down to the table as soon as they come. 
' The dinner was ready on time. 
 The table was full of good things. 
 All sat down. 
 The bride ate a whole ox and eight salmon before the others had a bite. 
 'She must be very hungry,' the Frost Giants said. 
 'Yes,' Loki said, 'she was so glad to come. 
 She hasn't eaten anything for eight days. 
' Then they brought in the mead. 
 The bride drank three barrels of mead. 
 'How thirsty she is!' said the Frost Giants. 
 Loki said, 'Yes, she is very thirsty. 
 She was so glad to come. 
 She did not drink anything for eight days. 
' Old Thrym said, 'I had every thing I wanted but Freyja. 
 Now I have Freyja. 
' And Thrym went to kiss the bride. 
 He lifted her vail, but her eyes shone like fire. 
 Thrym stepped back. 
 He said, 'What makes Freyja's eyes shine so?' Loki said, 'Oh, she was so glad to come. 
 She did not sleep for eight nights. 
' Then Loki said, 'It is time for the hammer. 
 Go and get it and put it in the bride's lap. 
' As soon as the hammer was in his lap, Thor tore off the vail. 
 He took the hammer and whirled it around. 
 Fire flew from it. 
 The fire burned the house and the Frost Giants ran away. 
 So Thor got his hammer back. 
 The following stories by Miss Smythe were originally published under the title of 'The Golden Fleece. 
' They have been carefully revised and illustrated for this book. 
 Long, long ago there lived a king in Greece. 
 He had two little children, a boy and a girl. 
 They were good children and loved each other very much. 
 One day they were playing in the garden. 
 'Oh, Helle, look!' said the boy. 
 There on the grass was a fine large sheep. 
 This sheep had a fleece of gold and his horns were gold, too. 
 us Every day they played in the garden and every day the sheep came, too. 
 By and by he grew tame and let the children pat his golden fleece. 
 One day the boy said, 'Helle, let us take a ride. 
' First he helped his sister on the sheep's back. 
 Then he got on and held to the horns. 
 'Hold tight to me, Helle,' he said. 
 The sheep went up, up into the sky, and ran a long way on the clouds. 
 But Helle got dizzy and fell down into the sea. 
 The boy felt very bad to lose his sister, but went right on. 
 Then he came to the land Colchis. 
 He killed the sheep and gave the golden fleece to the king. 
 The king was glad to have it and nailed it to an oak tree. 
 By the tree was a dragon. 
 The dragon never went to sleep. 
 He would not let any one but the king come to the tree. 
 So no one could get the golden fleece. 
                                                                                                                                                            Jason was a brave young man. 
 He lived a little way from the king's city. 
 One day the king gave a big party and invited Jason. 
 It was a very dark night and it rained hard. 
 Jason had to go across a creek, but there was no bridge. 
 The creek was full of water and Jason had to wade. 
 One of his shoe-strings came untied and he lost his shoe in the water. 
 When he came to the king's house, he had but one shoe. 
 The king did not like this, for a fairy had said, 'The man who shall come to your house with one shoe, will be king. 
' So he knew Jason was to be king. 
 Then he said to Jason, 'You may be king when you bring me the golden fleece. 
' Jason was glad to go, and asked many brave men to go with him. 
 To get the golden fleece they would have to fight wild men and animals. 
 They made a big ship which they named 'Argo. 
' The men who went on the Argo were called Argonauts. 
 The ship Argo sailed a long way. 
 There were two strong men on the ship. 
 They had wings and could fly. 
 One day the Argo came to a land where the blind king lived. 
 This poor king had a hard time. 
 When he sat down to the table to eat, some ugly birds called Harpies, came too. 
 The Harpies had skin like brass and nobody could hurt them. 
 They had claws of iron, and scratched people when they tried to drive them away. 
 When the king's dinner was ready, the Harpies came and took it away. 
 When Jason and his men came, the king told them all about it. 
 Jason said they would help him. 
 They all sat down to the table. 
 When the food was put on the table, the Harpies came flying in. 
 Jason and his men took their swords. 
 They cut at the Harpies but could not hurt them. 
 Then the two men with wings flew up in the air. 
 The Harpies were afraid and flew away. 
 The men flew after them. 
 At last the Harpies grew very tired and fell into the sea and were drowned. 
 Then the men with wings came back. 
 Now the blind king could eat all he wanted. 
 It was now time for Jason and his friends to go away. 
 The king thanked them over and over again for helping him. 
 When they said good-bye, he told them how to get to the land where they would find the golden fleece. 
 On the sea where Jason and his men had to sail, were two big rocks. 
 These rocks moved on the waterlike icebergs. 
 They were as high as a big hill. 
 They would come close to each other, then they would go far apart. 
 When fishes swam in the water the rocks would come together and kill the fishes. 
 If birds flew in the air, the rocks would come together and kill birds. 
 If a boat sailed on the water, the rocks would come together and break the boat into little pieces. 
 These rocks had been put in the sea, so no one could go to the land where the golden fleece was. 
 When the ship Argo came to the rocks, Jason sent a dove out. 
 The rocks came together when the dove was almost past. 
 Then they went far apart. 
 Jason made his men row as hard as they could. 
 The rocks began to come together. 
 'Row hard, my men,' said Jason. 
 Just as they got past, the rocks hit, but Jason and his men were all right. 
 So they came to Colchis. 
 When Jason came to Colchis, he went to the king and said, 'Will you give me the golden fleece?' The king wanted to keep the fleece. 
 So he said to Jason, 'You may have it, but you must do something for me first. 
' 'You must plow with the brass bulls, and plant the dragon's teeth. 
' The brass bulls looked like real bulls, but they were larger and stronger. 
 They blew out fire and smoke from their noses and mouths. 
 The bulls had a stall made of iron and stone. 
 They had to be tied with strong iron chains. 
 When the dragon's teeth were planted, iron men grew up. 
 They always killed the one who had planted them. 
 The king wanted the bulls to kill Jason. 
 He said, 'If the bulls do not kill him the iron men will. 
' The king had a daughter named Medea. 
 She saw Jason was a brave young man and did not want him killed. 
 She knew how to help him. 
 She stepped into her carriage, which was pulled by flying snakes. 
 Then Medea flew through the air. 
 She went to hills and creeks and picked all kinds of flowers. 
 She took the flowers home and cooked them. 
 Then Medea went to Jason when the king did not know it. 
 She said to Jason, 'Rub your face and hands and legs with this juice. 
' When he did this, he was as strong as a giant. 
 Nothing could hurt him then. 
 Fire could not burn him, and swords could not cut him. 
 The next day Jason had to plow with the brass bulls and plant the dragon's teeth. 
 Early in the morning, the king and princess went out to the place. 
 They had good seats where they could see well. 
 All the people in the city came out to see Jason plow. 
 The little boys climbed the trees so they could see better. 
 Then Jason came to the place. 
 The stall where the brass bulls were tied was not far off. 
 The door was opened and Jason went in. 
 He untied the bulls and took hold of their horns. 
 Then he made the bulls come out of their stall. 
 The bulls were very angry and blew fire and smoke from their mouths. 
 This made the cruel king glad. 
 But the people who saw it were afraid. 
 They did not want Jason killed. 
 They did not know that the princess had helped him. 
 Jason pushed the bulls' heads down to the ground. 
 Then they kicked at him with their feet, but could not hurt him. 
 He held their heads down on the ground until the plow was ready. 
 Jason took the chains in one hand. 
 He took the handle of the plow in the other. 
 The bulls jumped and wanted to run away. 
 But Jason held so hard they had to go very slowly. 
 When it was noon the ground was all plowed. 
 Then Jason let the bulls go. 
 They were so angry that they ran away to the woods. 
 Now Jason went to the king and said, 'Give me the dragon's teeth. 
' The king gave him his hat full. 
 Then Jason planted the dragon's teeth, just as a man plants wheat. 
 By this time he was very tired, so he went to lie down. 
 In the evening he came back. 
 The iron men were growing up. 
 Some of the men had only their feet in the ground. 
 Some of them were in the ground up to their knees. 
 Some had only their heads out. 
 They all tried to get out so they could kill Jason. 
 Then Jason did what Medea told him he should do. 
 He took a giant's marble and threw it near the men. 
 All the iron men wanted to get the marble. 
 So they began to fight each other. 
 As soon as one had his feet out of the ground, he cut at the man next to him. 
 So they killed each other. 
 Then Jason took his sword and cut off all the heads that were out of the ground. 
 So all the iron men were killed and the king was very angry. 
 But Medea and the people were glad. 
 The next day Jason went to the king and said, 'Now, give me the golden fleece. 
' The king did not give it to him, but said, 'Come again. 
' Then Medea said, 'If you want the golden fleece, you must help yourself. 
 My father will not give it to you. 
 A dragon is by the tree where the golden fleece is, and he never sleeps. 
 He is always hungry and eats people if they go near him. 
 I can not kill him but I can make him sleep. 
 He is very fond of cake. 
 I will make some cake and put in something to make the dragon sleep. 
' So Medea made the cakes and Jason took them and threw them to the dragon. 
 The dragon ate them all and went to sleep. 
 Then Jason climbed over the dragon and took the nail out of the tree. 
 He put the golden fleece under his coat and ran to the ship Argo. 
 Medea went with him and became his wife. 
 Oh, how angry the king was! He had lost the golden fleece and the brass bulls and the dragon's teeth. 
 And now his daughter was gone. 
 He sent his men in ships to take Jason, but they could not get him. 
 At last Medea and Jason and the other Argonauts came to Greece. 
 Jason's father was there. 
 He was a very old man. 
 Jason wanted his father to be king, so he asked Medea to make the old man young. 
 Then Medea took her carriage and flew through the air. 
 She did not come back for nine days. 
 She picked flowers from the hills. 
 She found all kinds of stones, too. 
 When she went home she put all these things into a pot and cooked them. 
 Then she put a stick into the pot and leaves grew on it. 
 Some of the juice fell on the ground and grass grew up. 
 So Medea knew the juice would make things grow. 
 Jason's father went to sleep and Medea put some of the juice into his mouth. 
 His white hair turned black and teeth grew in his mouth. 
 When he woke up, he looked and felt like a young man. 
 He lived many years and when he died Jason was king. 
 Once upon a time there were four little Rabbits, and their names were           Flopsy,        Mopsy,    Cotton-tail, and Peter. 
 They lived with their Mother in a sand-bank, underneath the root of a very big fir-tree. 
 'Now my dears,' said old Mrs. 
 Rabbit one morning, 'you may go into the fields or down the lane, but don't go into Mr. 
 McGregor's garden: your Father had an accident there; he was put in a pie by Mrs. 
 McGregor. 
' 'Now run along, and don't get into mischief. 
 I am going out. 
' Then old Mrs. 
 Rabbit took a basket and her umbrella, and went through the wood to the baker's. 
 She bought a loaf of brown bread and five currant buns. 
 Flopsy, Mopsy, and Cottontail, who were good little bunnies, went down the lane to gather blackberries: But Peter, who was very naughty, ran straight away to Mr. 
 McGregor's garden, and squeezed under the gate! First he ate some lettuces and some French beans; and then he ate some radishes; And then, feeling rather sick, he went to look for some parsley. 
 But round the end of a cucumber frame, whom should he meet but Mr. 
 McGregor! Mr. 
 McGregor was on his hands and knees planting out young cabbages, but he jumped up and ran after Peter, waving a rake and calling out, 'Stop thief!' Peter was most dreadfully frightened; he rushed all over the garden, for he had forgotten the way back to the gate. 
 He lost one of his shoes among the cabbages, and the other shoe amongst the potatoes. 
 After losing them, he ran on four legs and went faster, so that I think he might have got away altogether if he had not unfortunately run into a gooseberry net, and got caught by the large buttons on his jacket. 
 It was a blue jacket with brass buttons, quite new. 
 Peter gave himself up for lost, and shed big tears; but his sobs were overheard by some friendly sparrows, who flew to him in great excitement, and implored him to exert himself. 
 Mr. 
 McGregor came up with a sieve, which he intended to pop upon the top of Peter; but Peter wriggled out just in time, leaving his jacket behind him. 
 And rushed into the tool-shed, and jumped into a can. 
 It would have been a beautiful thing to hide in, if it had not had so much water in it. 
 Mr. 
 McGregor was quite sure that Peter was somewhere in the tool-shed, perhaps hidden underneath a flower-pot. 
 He began to turn them over carefully, looking under each. 
 Presently Peter sneezed, 'Kertyschoo!' Mr. 
 McGregor was after him in no time. 
 And tried to put his foot upon Peter, who jumped out of a window, upsetting three plants. 
 The window was too small for Mr. 
 McGregor, and he was tired of running after Peter. 
 He went back to his work. 
 Peter sat down to rest; he was out of breath and trembling with fright, and he had not the least idea which way to go. 
 Also he was very damp with sitting in that can. 
 After a time he began to wander about, going lippity lippity not very fast, and looking all round. 
 He found a door in a wall; but it was locked, and there was no room for a fat little rabbit to squeeze underneath. 
 An old mouse was running in and out over the stone doorstep, carrying peas and beans to her family in the wood. 
 Peter asked her the way to the gate, but she had such a large pea in her mouth that she could not answer. 
 She only shook her head at him. 
 Peter began to cry. 
 Then he tried to find his way straight across the garden, but he became more and more puzzled. 
 Presently, he came to a pond where Mr. 
 McGregor filled his water-cans. 
 A white cat was staring at some gold-fish, she sat very, very still, but now and then the tip of her tail twitched as if it were alive. 
 Peter thought it best to go away without speaking to her; he had heard about cats from his cousin, little Benjamin Bunny. 
 He went back towards the tool-shed, but suddenly, quite close to him, he heard the noise of a hoe, scr-r-ritch, scratch, scratch, scritch. 
 Peter scuttered underneath the bushes. 
 But presently, as nothing happened, he came out, and climbed upon a wheelbarrow and peeped over. 
 The first thing he saw was Mr. 
 McGregor hoeing onions. 
 His back was turned towards Peter, and beyond him was the gate! Peter got down very quietly off the wheelbarrow; and started running as fast as he could go, along a straight walk behind some black-currant bushes. 
 Mr. 
 McGregor caught sight of him at the corner, but Peter did not care. 
 He slipped underneath the gate, and was safe at last in the wood outside the garden. 
 Mr. 
 McGregor hung up the little jacket and the shoes for a scare-crow to frighten the blackbirds. 
 Peter never stopped running or looked behind him till he got home to the big fir-tree. 
 He was so tired that he flopped down upon the nice soft sand on the floor of the rabbit-hole and shut his eyes. 
 His mother was busy cooking; she wondered what he had done with his clothes. 
 It was the second little jacket and pair of shoes that Peter had lost in a fortnight! I am sorry to say that Peter was not very well during the evening. 
 His mother put him to bed, and made some camomile tea; and she gave a dose of it to Peter! 'One table-spoonful to be taken at bed-time. 
' But Flopsy, Mopsy, and Cotton-tail had bread and milk and blackberries for supper. 
 THE END Once upon a time there were three little kittens, and their names were Mittens, Tom Kitten, and Moppet. 
 They had dear little fur coats of their own; and they tumbled about the doorstep and played in the dust. 
 But one day their mother, Mrs. 
 Tabitha Twitchit, expected friends to tea; so she fetched the kittens indoors, to wash and dress them, before the fine company arrived. 
 First she scrubbed their faces (this one is Moppet). 
 Then she brushed their fur, (this one is Mittens). 
 Then she combed their tails and whiskers (this is Tom Kitten). 
 Tom was very naughty, and he scratched. 
 Mrs. 
 Tabitha dressed Moppet and Mittens in clean pinafores and tuckers; and then she took all sorts of elegant uncomfortable clothes out of a chest of drawers, in order to dress up her son Thomas. 
 Tom Kitten was very fat, and he had grown; several buttons burst off. 
 His mother sewed them on again. 
 When the three kittens were ready, Mrs. 
 Tabitha unwisely turned them out into the garden, to be out of the way while she made hot buttered toast. 
 'Now keep your frocks clean, children! You must walk on your hind legs. 
 Keep away from the dirty ash-pit, and from Sally Henny Penny, and from the pig-stye and the Puddle-Ducks. 
' Moppet and Mittens walked down the garden path unsteadily. 
 Presently they trod upon their pinafores and fell on their noses. 
 When they stood up there were several green smears! 'Let us climb up the rockery, and sit on the garden wall,' said Moppet. 
 They turned their pinafores back to front, and went up with a skip and a jump; Moppet's white tucker fell down into the road. 
 Tom Kitten was quite unable to jump when walking upon his hind legs in trousers. 
 He came up the rockery by degrees, breaking the ferns, and shedding buttons right and left. 
 He was all in pieces when he reached the top of the wall. 
 Moppet and Mittens tried to pull him together; his hat fell off, and the rest of his buttons burst. 
 While they were in difficulties, there was a pit pat paddle pat! and the three Puddle-Ducks came along the hard high road, marching one behind the other and doing the goose step, pit pat paddle pat! pit pat waddle pat! They stopped and stood in a row, and stared up at the kittens. 
 They had very small eyes and looked surprised. 
 Then the two duck-birds, Rebeccah and Jemima Puddle-Duck, picked up the hat and tucker and put them on. 
 Mittens laughed so that she fell off the wall. 
 Moppet and Tom descended after her; the pinafores and all the rest of Tom's clothes came off on the way down. 
 'Come! Mr. 
 Drake Puddle-Duck,' said Moppet 'Come and help us to dress him! Come and button up Tom!' Mr. 
 Drake Puddle-Duck advanced in a slow sideways manner, and picked up the various articles. 
 But he put them on himself! They fitted him even worse than Tom Kitten. 
 'It's a very fine morning!' said Mr. 
 Drake Puddle-Duck. 
 And he and Jemima and Rebeccah Puddle-Duck set off up the road, keeping step, pit pat, paddle pat! pit pat, waddle pat! Then Tabitha Twitchit came down the garden and found her kittens on the wall with no clothes on. 
 She pulled them off the wall, smacked them, and took them back to the house. 
 'My friends will arrive in a minute, and you are not fit to be seen; I am affronted,' said Mrs. 
 Tabitha Twitchit. 
 She sent them upstairs; and I am sorry to say she told her friends that they were in bed with the measles; which was not true. 
 Quite the contrary; they were not in bed: not in the least. 
 Somehow there were very extraordinary noises over-head, which disturbed the dignity and repose of the tea party. 
 And I think that some day I shall have to make another, larger, book, to tell you more about Tom Kitten! As for the Puddle-Ducks, they went into a pond. 
 The clothes all came off directly, because there were no buttons. 
 And Mr. 
 Drake Puddle-Duck, and Jemima and Rebeccah, have been looking for them ever since. 
 This is a Tale about a tail, a tail that belonged to a little red squirrel, and his name was Nutkin. 
 He had a brother called Twinkleberry, and a great many cousins: they lived in a wood at the edge of a lake. 
 In the middle of the lake there is an island covered with trees and nut bushes; and amongst those trees stands a hollow oak-tree, which is the house of an owl who is called Old Brown. 
 One autumn when the nuts were ripe, and the leaves on the hazel bushes were golden and green. 
 Nutkin and Twinkleberry and all the other little squirrels came out of the wood, and down to the edge of the lake. 
 They made little rafts out of twigs, and they paddled away over the water to Owl Island to gather nuts. 
 Each squirrel had a little sack and a large oar, and spread out his tail for a sail. 
 They also took with them an offering of three fat mice as a present for Old Brown, and put them down upon his door-step. 
 Then Twinkleberry and the other little squirrels each made a low bow, and said politely 'Old Mr. 
 Brown, will you favour us with permission to gather nuts upon your island?' But Nutkin was excessively impertinent in his manners. 
 He bobbed up and down like a little red cherry, singing 'Riddle me, riddle me, rot-tot-tote!  A little wee man, in a red red coat!A staff in his hand, and a stone in his throat;  If you'll tell me this riddle, I'll give you a groat. 
' Now this riddle is as old as the hills; Mr. 
 Brown paid no attention whatever to Nutkin. 
 He shut his eyes obstinately and went to sleep. 
 The squirrels filled their little sacks with nuts, and sailed away home in the evening. 
 But next morning they all came back again to Owl Island; and Twinkleberry and the others brought a fine fat mole, and laid it on the stone in front of Old Brown's doorway, and said 'Mr. 
 Brown, will you favour us with your gracious permission to gather some more nuts?' But Nutkin, who had no respect, began to dance up and down, tickling old Mr. 
 Brown with a nettle and singing 'Old Mr. 
 B! Riddle-me-ree! Hitty Pitty within the wall,  Hitty Pitty without the wall; If you touch Hitty Pitty, Hitty Pitty will bite you!' Mr. 
 Brown woke up suddenly and carried the mole into his house. 
 He shut the door in Nutkin's face. 
 Presently a little thread of blue smoke from a wood fire came up from the top of the tree, and Nutkin peeped through the key-hole and sang 'A house full, a hole full!  And you cannot gather a bowl-full!' The squirrels searched for nuts all over the island and filled their little sacks. 
 But Nutkin gathered oak-apples, yellow and scarlet, and sat upon a beech-stump playing marbles, and watching the door of old Mr. 
 Brown. 
 On the third day the squirrels got up very early and went fishing; they caught seven fat minnows as a present for Old Brown. 
 They paddled over the lake and landed under a crooked chestnut tree on Owl Island. 
 Twinkleberry and six other little squirrels each carried a fat minnow; but Nutkin, who had no nice manners, brought no present at all. 
 He ran in front, singing 'The man in the wilderness said to me, 'How many strawberries grow in the sea?' I answered him as I thought good,'As many red herrings as grow in the wood. 
'' But old Mr. 
 Brown took no interest in riddles, not even when the answer was provided for him. 
 On the fourth day the squirrels brought a present of six fat beetles, which were as good as plums in plum-pudding for Old Brown. 
 Each beetle was wrapped up carefully in a dock-leaf, fastened with a pine-needle pin. 
 But Nutkin sang as rudely as ever 'Old Mr. 
 B! riddle-me-ree flour of England, fruit of Spain, met together in a shower of rain; put in a bag tied round with a string, if you'll tell me this riddle, I'll give you a ring!' Which was ridiculous of Nutkin, because he had not got any ring to give to Old Brown. 
 The other squirrels hunted up and down the nut bushes; but Nutkin gathered robin's pincushions off a briar bush, and stuck them full of pine-needle pins. 
 On the fifth day the squirrels brought a present of wild honey; it was so sweet and sticky that they licked their fingers as they put it down upon the stone. 
 They had stolen it out of a bumble bees' nest on the tippitty top of the hill. 
 But Nutkin skipped up and down, singing 'Hum-a-bum! buzz! buzz! Hum-a-bum buzz!  As I went over Tipple-tine I met a flock of bonny swine; some yellow-nacked, some yellow backed! They were the very bonniest swine that e'er went over Tipple-tine. 
' Old Mr. 
 Brown turned up his eyes in disgust at the impertinence of Nutkin. 
 But he ate up the honey! The squirrels filled their little sacks with nuts. 
 But Nutkin sat upon a big flat rock, and played ninepins with a crab apple and green fir-cones. 
 On the sixth day, which was Saturday, the squirrels came again for the last time; they brought a new-laid egg in a little rush basket as a last parting present for Old Brown. 
 But Nutkin ran in front laughing, and shouting 'Humpty Dumpty lies in the beck,  with a white counterpane round his neck, forty doctors and forty wrights, cannot put Humpty Dumpty to rights!' Now old Mr. 
 Brown took an interest in eggs; he opened one eye and shut it again. 
 But still he did not speak. 
 Nutkin became more and more impertinent 'Old Mr. 
 B! Old Mr. 
 B! Hickamore, Hackamore,  on the King's kitchen door; All the King's horses, and all the King's men,  couldn't drive Hickamore, Hackamore, off the King's kitchen door. 
' Nutkin danced up and down like a sunbeam; but still Old Brown said nothing at all. 
 Nutkin began again 'Arthur O'Bower has broken his band, he comes roaring up the land! The King of Scots with all his power, cannot turn Arthur of the Bower!' Nutkin made a whirring noise to sound like the wind, and he took a running jump right onto the head of Old Brown!. 
. 
. 
 Then all at once there was a flutterment and a scufflement and a loud 'Squeak!' The other squirrels scuttered away into the bushes. 
 When they came back very cautiously, peeping round the tree,there was Old Brown sitting on his door-step, quite still, with his eyes closed, as if nothing had happened. 
 But Nutkin was in his waistcoat pocket! This looks like the end of the story; but it isn't. 
 Old Brown carried Nutkin into his house, and held him up by the tail, intending to skin him; but Nutkin pulled so very hard that his tail broke in two, and he dashed up the staircase and escaped out of the attic window. 
 And to this day, if you meet Nutkin up a tree and ask him a riddle, he will throw sticks at you, and stamp his feet and scold, and shout 'Cuck-cuck-cuck-cur-r-r-cuck-k-k!' THE END STRUWWELPETER Merry Stories and Funny Pictures     When the children have been good,     That is, be it understood,     Good at meal-times, good at play,     Good all night and good all day     They shall have the pretty things     Merry Christmas always brings. 
     Naughty, romping girls and boys     Tear their clothes and make a noise,     Spoil their pinafores and frocks,     And deserve no Christmas-box. 
     Such as these shall never look     At this pretty Picture-book. 
 Shock-headed Peter     Just look at him! there he stands,     With his nasty hair and hands. 
     See! his nails are never cut;     They are grimed as black as soot;     And the sloven, I declare,     Never once has combed his hair;     Anything to me is sweeter     Than to see Shock-headed Peter. 
 Cruel Frederick     Here is cruel Frederick, see!     A horrid wicked boy was he;     He caught the flies, poor little things,     And then tore off their tiny wings,     He killed the birds, and broke the chairs,     And threw the kitten down the stairs;     And oh! far worse than all beside,     He whipped his Mary, till she cried. 
     The trough was full, and faithful Tray     Came out to drink one sultry day;     He wagged his tail, and wet his lip,     When cruel Fred snatched up a whip,     And whipped poor Tray till he was sore,     And kicked and whipped him more and more:     At this, good Tray grew very red,     And growled, and bit him till he bled;     Then you should only have been by,     To see how Fred did scream and cry!     So Frederick had to go to bed:     His leg was very sore and red!     The Doctor came, and shook his head,     And made a very great to-do,     And gave him nasty physic too. 
     But good dog Tray is happy now;     He has no time to say 'Bow-wow!'     He seats himself in Frederick's chair     And laughs to see the nice things there:     The soup he swallows, sup by sup     And eats the pies and puddings up. 
 The Dreadful Story of Harriet and the Matches     It almost makes me cry to tell     What foolish Harriet befell. 
     Mamma and Nurse went out one day     And left her all alone at play. 
     Now, on the table close at hand,     A box of matches chanced to stand;     And kind Mamma and Nurse had told her,     That, if she touched them, they would scold her. 
     But Harriet said: 'Oh, what a pity!     For, when they burn, it is so pretty;     They crackle so, and spit, and flame:     Mamma, too, often does the same. 
'     The pussy-cats heard this,     And they began to hiss,     And stretch their claws,     And raise their paws;     'Me-ow,' they said, 'me-ow, me-o,     You'll burn to death, if you do so. 
'     But Harriet would not take advice:     She lit a match, it was so nice!     It crackled so, it burned so clear     Exactly like the picture here. 
     She jumped for joy and ran about     And was too pleased to put it out. 
     The Pussy-cats saw this     And said: 'Oh, naughty, naughty Miss!'     And stretched their claws,     And raised their paws:     ''Tis very, very wrong, you know,     Me-ow, me-o, me-ow, me-o,     You will be burnt, if you do so. 
'     And see! oh, what dreadful thing!     The fire has caught her apron-string;     Her apron burns, her arms, her hair     She burns all over everywhere. 
     Then how the pussy-cats did mew     What else, poor pussies, could they do?     They screamed for help, 'twas all in vain!     So then they said: 'We'll scream again;     Make haste, make haste, me-ow, me-o,     She'll burn to death; we told her so. 
'     So she was burnt, with all her clothes,     And arms, and hands, and eyes, and nose;     Till she had nothing more to lose     Except her little scarlet shoes;     And nothing else but these was found     Among her ashes on the ground. 
     And when the good cats sat beside     The smoking ashes, how they cried!     'Me-ow, me-oo, me-ow, me-oo,     What will Mamma and Nursey do?'     Their tears ran down their cheeks so fast,     They made a little pond at last. 
 The Story of the Inky Boys     As he had often done before,     The woolly-headed Black-a-moor     One nice fine summer's day went out     To see the shops, and walk about;     And, as he found it hot, poor fellow,     He took with him his green umbrella,     Then Edward, little noisy wag,     Ran out and laughed, and waved his flag;     And William came in jacket trim,     And brought his wooden hoop with him;     And Arthur, too, snatched up his toys     And joined the other naughty boys. 
     So, one and all set up a roar,     And laughed and hooted more and more,     And kept on singing, only think!     'Oh, Blacky, you're as black as ink!'     Now tall Agrippa lived close by     So tall, he almost touched the sky;     He had a mighty inkstand, too,     In which a great goose-feather grew;     He called out in an angry tone     'Boys, leave the Black-a-moor alone!     For, if he tries with all his might,     He cannot change from black to white. 
'     But, ah! they did not mind a bit     What great Agrippa said of it;     But went on laughing, as before,     And hooting at the Black-a-moor. 
     Then great Agrippa foams with rage     Look at him on this very page!     He seizes Arthur, seizes Ned,     Takes William by his little head;     And they may scream and kick and call,     Into the ink he dips them all;     Into the inkstand, one, two, three,     Till they are black as black can be;     Turn over now, and you shall see. 
     See, there they are, and there they run!     The Black-a-moor enjoys the fun. 
     They have been made as black as crows,     Quite black all over, eyes and nose,     And legs, and arms, and heads, and toes,     And trousers, pinafores, and toys     The silly little inky boys!     Because they set up such a roar,     And teased the harmless Black-a-moor. 
 The Story of the Man that went out Shooting     This is the man that shoots the hares;     This is the coat he always wears:     With game-bag, powder-horn, and gun     He's going out to have some fun. 
     He finds it hard, without a pair     Of spectacles, to shoot the hare. 
     The hare sits snug in leaves and grass,     And laughs to see the green man pass. 
     Now, as the sun grew very hot,     And he a heavy gun had got,     He lay down underneath a tree     And went to sleep, as you may see. 
     And, while he slept like any top,     The little hare came, hop, hop, hop,     Took gun and spectacles, and then     On her hind legs went off again. 
     The green man wakes and sees her place     The spectacles upon her face;     And now she's trying all she can     To shoot the sleepy, green-coat man. 
     He cries and screams and runs away;     The hare runs after him all day     And hears him call out everywhere:     'Help! Fire! Help! The Hare! The Hare!'     At last he stumbled at the well,     Head over ears, and in he fell. 
     The hare stopped short, took aim and, hark!     Bang went the gun she missed her mark!     The poor man's wife was drinking up     Her coffee in her coffee-cup;     The gun shot cup and saucer through;     'Oh dear!' cried she; 'what shall I do?'     There lived close by the cottage there     The hare's own child, the little hare;     And while she stood upon her toes,     The coffee fell and burned her nose. 
     'Oh dear!' she cried, with spoon in hand,     'Such fun I do not understand. 
' The Story of Little Suck-a-Thumb     One day Mamma said 'Conrad dear,     I must go out and leave you here. 
     But mind now, Conrad, what I say,     Don't suck your thumb while I'm away. 
     The great tall tailor always comes     To little boys who suck their thumbs;     And ere they dream what he's about,     He takes his great sharp scissors out,     And cuts their thumbs clean off and then,     You know, they never grow again. 
'     Mamma had scarcely turned her back,     The thumb was in, Alack! Alack!     The door flew open, in he ran,     The great, long, red-legged scissor-man. 
     Oh! children, see! the tailor's come     And caught out little Suck-a-Thumb. 
     Snip! Snap! Snip! the scissors go;     And Conrad cries out 'Oh! Oh! Oh!'     Snip! Snap! Snip! They go so fast,     That both his thumbs are off at last. 
     Mamma comes home: there Conrad stands,     And looks quite sad, and shows his hands;     'Ah!' said Mamma, 'I knew he'd come     To naughty little Suck-a-Thumb. 
' The Story of Augustus who would not have any Soup     Augustus was a chubby lad;     Fat ruddy cheeks Augustus had:     And everybody saw with joy     The plump and hearty, healthy boy. 
     He ate and drank as he was told,     And never let his soup get cold. 
     But one day, one cold winter's day,     He screamed out 'Take the soup away!     O take the nasty soup away!     I won't have any soup today. 
'     Next day, now look, the picture shows     How lank and lean Augustus grows!     Yet, though he feels so weak and ill,     The naughty fellow cries out still     'Not any soup for me, I say:     O take the nasty soup away!     I won't have any soup today. 
'     The third day comes: Oh what a sin!     To make himself so pale and thin. 
     Yet, when the soup is put on table,     He screams, as loud as he is able,     'Not any soup for me, I say:     O take the nasty soup away!     I WON'T have any soup today. 
'     Look at him, now the fourth day's come!     He scarcely weighs a sugar-plum;     He's like a little bit of thread,     And, on the fifth day, he was dead! The Story of Fidgety Philip     'Let me see if Philip can     Be a little gentleman;     Let me see if he is able     To sit still for once at table':     Thus Papa bade Phil behave;     And Mamma looked very grave. 
     But fidgety Phil,     He won't sit still;     He wriggles,     And giggles,     And then, I declare,     Swings backwards and forwards,     And tilts up his chair,     Just like any rocking horse     'Philip! I am getting cross!'     See the naughty, restless child     Growing still more rude and wild,     Till his chair falls over quite. 
     Philip screams with all his might,     Catches at the cloth, but then     That makes matters worse again. 
     Down upon the ground they fall,     Glasses, plates, knives, forks, and all. 
     How Mamma did fret and frown,     When she saw them tumbling down!     And Papa made such a face!     Philip is in sad disgrace. 
     Where is Philip, where is he?     Fairly covered up you see!     Cloth and all are lying on him;     He has pulled down all upon him. 
     What a terrible to-do!     Dishes, glasses, snapt in two!     Here a knife, and there a fork!     Philip, this is cruel work. 
     Table all so bare, and ah!     Poor Papa, and poor Mamma     Look quite cross, and wonder how     They shall have their dinner now. 
 The Story of Johnny Head-in-Air     As he trudged along to school,     It was always Johnny's rule     To be looking at the sky     And the clouds that floated by;     But what just before him lay,     In his way,     Johnny never thought about;     So that every one cried out     'Look at little Johnny there,     Little Johnny Head-In-Air!'     Running just in Johnny's way     Came a little dog one day;     Johnny's eyes were still astray     Up on high,     In the sky;     And he never heard them cry     'Johnny, mind, the dog is nigh!'     Bump!     Dump!     Down they fell, with such a thump,     Dog and Johnny in a lump!     Once, with head as high as ever,     Johnny walked beside the river. 
     Johnny watched the swallows trying     Which was cleverest at flying. 
     Oh! what fun!     Johnny watched the bright round sun     Going in and coming out;     This was all he thought about. 
     So he strode on, only think!     To the river's very brink,     Where the bank was high and steep,     And the water very deep;     And the fishes, in a row,     Stared to see him coming so. 
     One step more! oh! sad to tell!     Headlong in poor Johnny fell. 
     And the fishes, in dismay,     Wagged their tails and swam away. 
     There lay Johnny on his face,     With his nice red writing-case;     But, as they were passing by,     Two strong men had heard him cry;     And, with sticks, these two strong men     Hooked poor Johnny out again. 
     Oh! you should have seen him shiver     When they pulled him from the river. 
     He was in a sorry plight!     Dripping wet, and such a fright!     Wet all over, everywhere,     Clothes, and arms, and face, and hair:     Johnny never will forget     What it is to be so wet. 
     And the fishes, one, two, three,     Are come back again, you see;     Up they came the moment after,     To enjoy the fun and laughter. 
     Each popped out his little head,     And, to tease poor Johnny, said     'Silly little Johnny, look,     You have lost your writing-book!' The Story of Flying Robert     When the rain comes tumbling down     In the country or the town,     All good little girls and boys     Stay at home and mind their toys. 
     Robert thought, 'No, when it pours,     It is better out of doors. 
'     Rain it did, and in a minute     Bob was in it. 
     Here you see him, silly fellow,     Underneath his red umbrella. 
     What a wind! oh! how it whistles     Through the trees and flowers and thistles!     It has caught his red umbrella:     Now look at him, silly fellow,     Up he flies     To the skies. 
     No one heard his screams and cries;     Through the clouds the rude wind bore him,     And his hat flew on before him. 
     Soon they got to such a height,     They were nearly out of sight. 
     And the hat went up so high,     That it nearly touched the sky. 
     No one ever yet could tell     Where they stopped, or where they fell:     Only this one thing is plain,     Bob was never seen again! THE STORY OF THE THREE LITTLE PIGS. 
 Once upon a time there was an old Sow with three little Pigs, and as she had not enough to keep them, she sent them out to seek their fortune. 
 The first that went off met a Man with a bundle of straw, and said to him, 'Please, Man, give me that straw to build me a house'; which the Man did, and the little Pig built a house with it. 
 Presently came along a Wolf, and knocked at the door, and said, 'Little Pig, little Pig, let me come in. 
' To which the Pig answered, 'No, no, by the hair of my chinny chin chin. 
' 'Then I'll huff and I'll puff, and I'll blow your house in!' said the Wolf. 
 So he huffed and he puffed, and he blew his house in, and ate up the little Pig. 
 The second Pig met a Man with a bundle of furze, and said, 'Please, Man, give me that furze to build a house'; which the Man did, and the Pig built his house. 
 Then along came the Wolf and said, 'Little Pig, little Pig, let me come in. 
' 'No, no, by the hair of my chinny chin chin. 
' 'Then I'll puff and I'll huff, and I'll blow your house in!' So he huffed and he puffed, and he puffed and he huffed, and at last he blew the house down, and ate up the second little Pig. 
 The third little Pig met a Man with a load of bricks, and said, 'Please, Man, give me those bricks to build a house with'; so the Man gave him the bricks, and he built his house with them. 
 So the Wolf came, as he did to the other little Pigs, and said, 'Little Pig, little Pig, let me come in. 
' 'No, no, by the hair of my chinny chin chin. 
' 'Then I'll huff and I'll puff, and I'll blow your house in. 
' Well, he huffed and he puffed, and he huffed and he puffed, and he puffed and he huffed; but he could not get the house down. 
 When he found that he could not, with all his huffing and puffing, blow the house down, he said, 'Little Pig, I know where there is a nice field of turnips. 
' 'Where?' said the little Pig. 
 'Oh, in Mr. 
 Smith's home-field; and if you will be ready to-morrow morning, I will call for you, and we will go together and get some for dinner. 
' 'Very well,' said the little Pig, 'I will be ready. 
 What time do you mean to go?' 'Oh, at six o'clock. 
' Well, the little Pig got up at five, and got the turnips and was home again before six. 
 When the Wolf came he said, 'Little Pig, are you ready?' 'Ready!' said the little Pig, 'I have been and come back again, and got a nice pot-full for dinner. 
' The Wolf felt very angry at this, but thought that he would be up to the little Pig somehow or other; so he said, 'Little Pig, I know where there is a nice apple-tree. 
' 'Where?' said the Pig. 
 'Down at Merry-garden,' replied the Wolf; 'and if you will not deceive me I will come for you, at five o'clock to-morrow, and we will go together and get some apples. 
' Well, the little Pig woke at four the next morning, and bustled up, and went off for the apples, hoping to get back before the Wolf came; but he had farther to go, and had to climb the tree, so that just as he was coming down from it, he saw the Wolf coming, which, as you may suppose, frightened him very much. 
 When the Wolf came up he said, 'Little Pig, what! are you here before me? Are they nice apples?' 'Yes, very,' said the little Pig; 'I will throw you down one. 
' And he threw it so far that, while the Wolf was gone to pick it up, the little Pig jumped down and ran home. 
 The next day the Wolf came again, and said to the little Pig, 'Little Pig, there is a Fair in the Town this afternoon: will you go?' 'Oh, yes,' said the Pig, 'I will go; what time shall you be ready?' 'At three,' said the Wolf. 
 So the little Pig went off before the time, as usual, and got to the Fair, and bought a butter churn, and was on his way home with it when he saw the Wolf coming. 
 Then he could not tell what to do. 
 So he got into the churn to hide, and in doing so turned it round, and it began to roll, and rolled down the hill with the Pig inside it, which frightened the Wolf so much that he ran home without going to the Fair. 
 He went to the little Pig's house, and told him how frightened he had been by a great round thing which came down the hill past him. 
 Then the little Pig said, 'Hah! I frightened you, did I? I had been to the Fair and bought a butter churn, and when I saw you I got into it, and rolled down the hill. 
' Then the Wolf was very angry indeed, and declared he would eat up the little Pig, and that he would get down the chimney afer him. 
 When the little Pig saw what he was about, he hung on the pot full of water, and made up a blazing fire, and, just as the Wolf was coming down, took off the cover of the pot, and in fell the Wolf. 
 And the little Pig put on the cover again in an instant, boiled him up, and ate him for supper, and lived happy ever after. 
 THE REAL LITTLE LUCIE OF NEWLANDS Once upon a time there was a little girl called Lucie, who lived at a farm called Little-town. 
 She was a good little girl, only she was always losing her pocket-handkerchiefs! One day little Lucie came into the farm-yard crying, oh, she did cry so! 'I've lost my pocket-handkin! Three handkins and a pinny! Have you seen them, Tabby Kitten?' The Kitten went on washing her white paws; so Lucie asked a speckled hen 'Sally Henny-penny, have you found three pocket-handkins?' But the speckled hen ran into a barn, clucking 'I go barefoot, barefoot, barefoot!' And then Lucie asked Cock Robin sitting on a twig. 
 Cock Robin looked sideways at Lucie with his bright black eye, and he flew over a stile and away. 
 Lucie climbed upon the stile and looked up at the hill behind Little-town, a hill that goes up, up, into the clouds as though it had no top! And a great way up the hill-side she thought she saw some white things spread upon the grass. 
 Lucie scrambled up the hill as fast as her stout legs would carry her; she ran along a steep path-way, up and up, until Little-town was right away down below, she could have dropped a pebble down the chimney! Presently she came to a spring, bubbling out from the hill-side. 
 Some one had stood a tin can upon a stone to catch the water, but the water was already running over, for the can was no bigger than an egg-cup! And where the sand upon the path was wet, there were foot-marks of a very small person. 
 Lucie ran on, and on. 
 The path ended under a big rock. 
 The grass was short and green, and there were clothes, props cut from bracken stems, with lines of plaited rushes, and a heap of tiny clothes pins, but no pocket-handkerchiefs! But there was something else, a door! straight into the hill; and inside it some one was singing,  'Lily-white and clean, oh! With little frills between, oh! Smooth and hot, red rusty spot Never here be seen, oh!' Lucie, knocked, once, twice, and interrupted the song. 
 A little frightened voice called out 'Who's that?' Lucie opened the door: and what do you think there was inside the hill?, a nice clean kitchen with a flagged floor and wooden beams, just like any other farm kitchen. 
 Only the ceiling was so low that Lucie's head nearly touched it; and the pots and pans were small, and so was everything there. 
 There was a nice hot singey smell; and at the table, with an iron in her hand stood a very stout short person staring anxiously at Lucie. 
 Her print gown was tucked up, and she was wearing a large apron over her striped petticoat. 
 Her little black nose went sniffle, sniffle, snuffle, and her eyes went twinkle, twinkle; and underneath her cap, where Lucie had yellow curls, that little person had PRICKLES! 'Who are you?' said Lucie. 
 'Have you seen my pocket-handkins?' The little person made a bob-curtsey, 'Oh, yes, if you please'm; my name is Mrs. 
 Tiggy-winkle; oh, yes if you please'm, I'm an excellent clear-starcher!' And she took something out of a clothes-basket, and spread it on the ironing-blanket. 
 'What's that thing?' said Lucie, 'that's not my pocket-handkin?' 'Oh no, if you please'm; that's a little scarlet waist-coat belonging to Cock Robin!' And she ironed it and folded it, and put it on one side. 
 Then she took something else off a clothes-horse,  'That isn't my pinny?' said Lucie. 
 'Oh no, if you please'm; that's a damask table-cloth belonging to Jenny Wren; look how it's stained with currant wine! It's very bad to wash!' said Mrs. 
 Tiggy-winkle. 
 Mrs. 
 Tiggy-winkle's nose went sniffle, sniffle, snuffle, and her eyes went twinkle, twinkle; and she fetched another hot iron from the fire. 
 'There's one of my pocket-handkins!' cried Lucie, 'and there's my pinny!' Mrs. 
 Tiggy-winkle ironed it, and goffered it, and shook out the frills. 
 'Oh that is lovely!' said Lucie. 
 'And what are those long yellow things with fingers like gloves?' 'Oh, that's a pair of stockings belonging to Sally Henny-penny, look how she's worn the heels out with scratching in the yard! She'll very soon go barefoot!' said Mrs. 
 Tiggy-winkle. 
 'Why, there's another handkersniff, but it isn't mine; it's red?' 'Oh no, if you please'm; that one belongs to old Mrs. 
 Rabbit; and it did so smell of onions! I've had to wash it separately, I can't get out the smell. 
' 'There's another one of mine,' said Lucie. 
 'What are those funny little white things?' 'That's a pair of mittens belonging to Tabby Kitten; I only have to iron them; she washes them herself. 
' 'There's my last pocket-handkin!' said Lucie. 
 'And what are you dipping into the basin of starch?' 'They're little dicky shirt-fronts belonging to Tom Titmouse, most terrible particular!' said Mrs. 
 Tiggy-winkle. 
 'Now I've finished my ironing; I'm going to air some clothes. 
' 'What are these dear soft fluffy things?' said Lucie. 
 'Oh those are woolly coats belonging to the little lambs at Skelghyl. 
' 'Will their jackets take off?' asked Lucie. 
 'Oh yes, if you please'm; look at the sheep-mark on the shoulder. 
 And here's one marked for Gatesgarth, and three that come from Little-town. 
 They're always marked at washing!' said Mrs. 
 Tiggy-winkle. 
 And she hung up all sorts and sizes of clothes, small brown coats of mice; and one velvety black moleskin waist-coat; and a red tailcoat with no tail belonging to Squirrel Nutkin; and a very much shrunk blue jacket belonging to Peter Rabbit; and a petticoat, not marked, that had gone lost in the washing, and at last the basket was empty! 'Then Mrs. 
 Tiggy-winkle made tea, a cup for herself and a cup for Lucie. 
 They sat before the fire on a bench and looked sideways at one another. 
 Mrs. 
 Tiggy-winkle's hand, holding the tea-cup, was very very brown, and very very wrinkly with the soap-suds; and all through her gown and her cap, there were hair-pins sticking wrong end out; so that Lucie didn't like to sit too near her. 
 When they had finished tea, they tied up the clothes in bundles; and Lucie's pocket-handkerchiefs were folded up inside her clean pinny, and fastened with a silver safety-pin. 
 And then they made up the fire with turf, and came out and locked the door, and hid the key under the door-sill. 
 Then away down the hill trotted Lucie and Mrs. 
 Tiggy-winkle with the bundles of clothes! All the way down the path little animals came out of the fern to meet them; the very first that they met were Peter Rabbit and Benjamin Bunny! And she gave them their nice clean clothes; and all the little animals and birds were so very much obliged to dear Mrs. 
 Tiggy-winkle. 
 So that at the bottom of the hill when they came to the stile, there was nothing left to carry except Lucie's one little bundle. 
 Lucie scrambled up the stile with the bundle in her hand; and then she turned to say 'Good-night,' and to thank the washer-woman, But what a very odd thing! Mrs. 
 Tiggy-winkle had not waited either for thanks or for the washing bill! She was running running running up the hill, and where was her white frilled cap? and her shawl? and her gown, and her petticoat? And how small she had grown, and how brown, and covered with PRICKLES! Why! Mrs. 
 Tiggy-winkle was nothing but a HEDGEHOG. 
 (Now some people say that little Lucie had been asleep upon the stile, but then how could she have found three clean pocket-handkins and a pinny, pinned with a silver safety-pin? And besides, I have seen that door into the back of the hill called Cat Bells, and besides I am very well acquainted with dear Mrs. 
 Tiggy-winkle!) Once upon a time there was an old cat, called Mrs. 
 Tabitha Twitchit, who was an anxious parent. 
 She used to lose her kittens continually, and whenever they were lost they were always in mischief! On baking day she determined to shut them up in a cupboard. 
 She caught Moppet and Mittens, but she could not find Tom. 
 Mrs. 
 Tabitha went up and down all over the house, mewing for Tom Kitten. 
 She looked in the pantry under the staircase, and she searched the best spare bedroom that was all covered up with dust sheets. 
 She went right upstairs and looked into the attics, but she could not find him anywhere. 
 It was an old, old house, full of cupboards and passages. 
 Some of the walls were four feet thick, and there used to be queer noises inside them, as if there might be a little secret staircase. 
 Certainly there were odd little jagged doorways in the wainscot, and things disappeared at night, especially cheese and bacon. 
 Mrs. 
 Tabitha became more and more distracted, and mewed dreadfully. 
 While their mother was searching the house, Moppet and Mittens had got into mischief. 
 The cupboard door was not locked, so they pushed it open and came out. 
 They went straight to the dough which was set to rise in a pan before the fire. 
 They patted it with their little soft paws, 'Shall we make dear little muffins?' said Mittens to Moppet. 
 But just at that moment somebody knocked at the front door, and Moppet jumped into the flour barrel in a fright. 
 Mittens ran away to the dairy, and hid in an empty jar on the stone shelf where the milk pans stand. 
 The visitor was a neighbour, Mrs. 
 Ribby; she had called to borrow some yeast. 
 Mrs. 
 Tabitha came downstairs mewing dreadfully, 'Come in, Cousin Ribby, come in, and sit ye down! I'm in sad trouble, Cousin Ribby,' said Tabitha, shedding tears. 
 'I've lost my dear son Thomas; I'm afraid the rats have got him. 
' She wiped her eyes with her apron. 
 'He's a bad kitten, Cousin Tabitha; he made a cat's cradle of my best bonnet last time I came to tea. 
 Where have you looked for him?' 'All over the house! The rats are too many for me. 
 What a thing it is to have an unruly family!' said Mrs. 
 Tabitha Twitchit. 
 'I'm not afraid of rats; I will help you to find him; and whip him too! What is all that soot in the fender?' 'The chimney wants sweeping, Oh, dear me, Cousin Ribby, now Moppet and Mittens are gone!' 'They have both got out of the cupboard!' Ribby and Tabitha set to work to search the house thoroughly again. 
 They poked under the beds with Ribby's umbrella, and they rummaged in cupboards. 
 They even fetched a candle, and looked inside a clothes chest in one of the attics. 
 They could not find anything, but once they heard a door bang and somebody scuttered downstairs. 
 'Yes, it is infested with rats,' said Tabitha tearfully. 
 'I caught seven young ones out of one hole in the back kitchen, and we had them for dinner last Saturday. 
 And once I saw the old father rat, an enormous old rat, Cousin Ribby. 
 I was just going to jump upon him, when he showed his yellow teeth at me and whisked down the hole. 
' 'The rats get upon my nerves, Cousin Ribby,' said Tabitha. 
 Ribby and Tabitha searched and searched. 
 They both heard a curious roly-poly noise under the attic floor. 
 But there was nothing to be seen. 
 They returned to the kitchen. 
 'Here's one of your kittens at least,' said Ribby, dragging Moppet out of the flour barrel. 
 They shook the flour off her and set her down on the kitchen floor. 
 She seemed to be in a terrible fright. 
 'Oh! Mother, Mother,' said Moppet, 'there's been an old woman rat in the kitchen, and she's stolen some of the dough!' The two cats ran to look at the dough pan. 
 Sure enough there were marks of little scratching fingers, and a lump of dough was gone! 'Which way did she go, Moppet?' But Moppet had been too much frightened to peep out of the barrel again. 
 Ribby and Tabitha took her with them to keep her safely in sight, while they went on with their search. 
 They went into the dairy. 
 The first thing they found was Mittens, hiding in an empty jar. 
 They tipped up the jar, and she scrambled out. 
 'Oh, Mother, Mother!' said Mittens,  'Oh! Mother, Mother, there has been an old man rat in the dairy, a dreadful 'normous big rat, mother; and he's stolen a pat of butter and the rolling-pin. 
' Ribby and Tabitha looked at one another. 
 'A rolling-pin and butter! Oh, my poor son Thomas!' exclaimed Tabitha, wringing her paws. 
 'A rolling-pin?' said Ribby. 
 'Did we not hear a roly-poly noise in the attic when we were looking into that chest?' Ribby and Tabitha rushed upstairs again. 
 Sure enough the roly-poly noise was still going on quite distinctly under the attic floor. 
 'This is serious, Cousin Tabitha,' said Ribby. 
 'We must send for John Joiner at once, with a saw. 
' Now this is what had been happening to Tom Kitten, and it shows how very unwise it is to go up a chimney in a very old house, where a person does not know his way, and where there are enormous rats. 
 Tom Kitten did not want to be shut up in a cupboard. 
 When he saw that his mother was going to bake, he determined to hide. 
 He looked about for a nice convenient place, and he fixed upon the chimney. 
 The fire had only just been lighted, and it was not hot; but there was a white choky smoke from the green sticks. 
 Tom Kitten got upon the fender and looked up. 
 It was a big old-fashioned fire-place. 
 The chimney itself was wide enough inside for a man to stand up and walk about. 
 So there was plenty of room for a little Tom Cat. 
 He jumped right up into the fire-place, balancing himself upon the iron bar where the kettle hangs. 
 Tom Kitten took another big jump off the bar, and landed on a ledge high up inside the chimney, knocking down some soot into the fender. 
 Tom Kitten coughed and choked with the smoke; and he could hear the sticks beginning to crackle and burn in the fire-place down below. 
 He made up his mind to climb right to the top, and get out on the slates, and try to catch sparrows. 
 'I cannot go back. 
 If I slipped I might fall in the fire and singe my beautiful tail and my little blue jacket. 
' The chimney was a very big old-fashioned one. 
 It was built in the days when people burnt logs of wood upon the hearth. 
 The chimney stack stood up above the roof like a little stone tower, and the daylight shone down from the top, under the slanting slates that kept out the rain. 
 Tom Kitten was getting very frightened! He climbed up, and up, and up. 
 Then he waded sideways through inches of soot. 
 He was like a little sweep himself. 
 It was most confusing in the dark. 
 One flue seemed to lead into another. 
 There was less smoke, but Tom Kitten felt quite lost. 
 He scrambled up and up; but before he reached the chimney top he came to a place where somebody had loosened a stone in the wall. 
 There were some mutton bones lying about,  'This seems funny,' said Tom Kitten. 
 'Who has been gnawing bones up here in the chimney? I wish I had never come! And what a funny smell? It is something like mouse; only dreadfully strong. 
 It makes me sneeze,' said Tom Kitten. 
 He squeezed through the hole in the wall, and dragged himself along a most uncomfortably tight passage where there was scarcely any light. 
 He groped his way carefully for several yards; he was at the back of the skirting-board in the attic, where there is a little mark   in the picture. 
 All at once he fell head over heels in the dark, down a hole, and landed on a heap of very dirty rags. 
 When Tom Kitten picked himself up and looked about him, he found himself in a place that he had never seen before, although he had lived all his life in the house. 
 It was a very small stuffy fusty room, with boards, and rafters, and cobwebs, and lath and plaster. 
 Opposite to him, as far away as he could sit, was an enormous rat. 
 'What do you mean by tumbling into my bed all covered with smuts?' said the rat, chattering his teeth. 
 'Please sir, the chimney wants sweeping,' said poor Tom Kitten. 
 'Anna Maria! Anna Maria!' squeaked the rat. 
 There was a pattering noise and an old woman rat poked her head round a rafter. 
 All in a minute she rushed upon Tom Kitten, and before he knew what was happening,  His coat was pulled off, and he was rolled up in a bundle, and tied with string in very hard knots. 
 Anna Maria did the tying. 
 The old rat watched her and took snuff. 
 When she had finished, they both sat staring at him with their mouths open. 
 'Anna Maria,' said the old man rat (whose name was Samuel Whiskers),, 'Anna Maria, make me a kitten dumpling roly-poly pudding for my dinner. 
' 'It requires dough and a pat of butter, and a rolling-pin,' said Anna Maria, considering Tom Kitten with her head on one side. 
 'No,' said Samuel Whiskers, 'make it properly, Anna Maria, with breadcrumbs. 
' 'Nonsense! Butter and dough,' replied Anna Maria. 
 The two rats consulted together for a few minutes and then went away. 
 Samuel Whiskers got through a hole in the wainscot, and went boldly down the front staircase to the dairy to get the butter. 
 He did not meet anybody. 
 He made a second journey for the rolling-pin. 
 He pushed it in front of him with his paws, like a brewer's man trundling a barrel. 
 He could hear Ribby and Tabitha talking, but they were busy lighting the candle to look into the chest. 
 They did not see him. 
 Anna Maria went down by way of the skirting-board and a window shutter to the kitchen to steal the dough. 
 She borrowed a small saucer, and scooped up the dough with her paws. 
 She did not observe Moppet. 
 While Tom Kitten was left alone under the floor of the attic, he wriggled about and tried to mew for help. 
 But his mouth was full of soot and cobwebs, and he was tied up in such very tight knots, he could not make anybody hear him. 
 Except a spider, which came out of a crack in the ceiling and examined the knots critically, from a safe distance. 
 It was a judge of knots because it had a habit of tying up unfortunate blue-bottles. 
 It did not offer to assist him. 
 Tom Kitten wriggled and squirmed until he was quite exhausted. 
 Presently the rats came back and set to work to make him into a dumpling. 
 First they smeared him with butter, and then they rolled him in the dough. 
 'Will not the string be very indigestible, Anna Maria?' inquired Samuel Whiskers. 
 Anna Maria said she thought that it was of no consequence; but she wished that Tom Kitten would hold his head still, as it disarranged the pastry. 
 She laid hold of his ears. 
 Tom Kitten bit and spat, and mewed and wriggled; and the rolling-pin went roly-poly, roly; roly, poly, roly. 
 The rats each held an end. 
 'His tail is sticking out! You did not fetch enough dough, Anna Maria. 
' 'I fetched as much as I could carry,' replied Anna Maria. 
 'I do not think', said Samuel Whiskers, pausing to take a look at Tom Kitten, 'I do  not  think it will be a good pudding. 
 It smells sooty. 
' Anna Maria was about to argue the point, when all at once there began to be other sounds up above, the rasping noise of a saw; and the noise of a little dog, scratching and yelping! The rats dropped the rolling-pin, and listened attentively. 
 'We are discovered and interrupted, Anna Maria; let us collect our property, and other people's,, and depart at once. 
' 'I fear that we shall be obliged to leave this pudding. 
' 'But I am persuaded that the knots would have proved indigestible, whatever you may urge to the contrary. 
' 'Come away at once and help me to tie up some mutton bones in a counterpane,' said Anna Maria. 
 'I have got half a smoked ham hidden in the chimney. 
' So it happened that by the time John Joiner had got the plank up, there was nobody under the floor except the rolling-pin and Tom Kitten in a very dirty dumpling! But there was a strong smell of rats; and John Joiner spent the rest of the morning sniffing and whining, and wagging his tail, and going round and round with his head in the hole like a gimlet. 
 Then he nailed the plank down again and put his tools in his bag, and came downstairs. 
 The cat family had quite recovered. 
 They invited him to stay to dinner. 
 The dumpling had been peeled off Tom Kitten, and made separately into a bag pudding, with currants in it to hide the smuts. 
 They had been obliged to put Tom Kitten into a hot bath to get the butter off. 
 John Joiner smelt the pudding; but he regretted that he had not time to stay to dinner, because he had just finished making a wheel-barrow for Miss Potter, and she had ordered two hen-coops. 
 And when I was going to the post late in the afternoon, I looked up the lane from the corner, and I saw Mr. 
 Samuel Whiskers and his wife on the run, with big bundles on a little wheel-barrow, which looked very like mine. 
 They were just turning in at the gate to the barn of Farmer Potatoes. 
 Samuel Whiskers was puffing and out of breath. 
 Anna Maria was still arguing in shrill tones. 
 She seemed to know her way, and she seemed to have a quantity of luggage. 
 I am sure  I  never gave her leave to borrow my wheel-barrow! They went into the barn, and hauled their parcels with a bit of string to the top of the hay mow. 
 After that, there were no more rats for a long time at Tabitha Twitchit's. 
 As for Farmer Potatoes, he has been driven nearly distracted. 
 There are rats, and rats, and rats in his barn! They eat up the chicken food, and steal the oats and bran, and make holes in the meal bags. 
 And they are all descended from Mr. 
 and Mrs. 
 Samuel Whiskers, children and grand-children and great great grand-children. 
 There is no end to them! Moppet and Mittens have grown up into very good rat-catchers. 
 They go out rat-catching in the village, and they find plenty of employment. 
 They charge so much a dozen, and earn their living very comfortably. 
 They hang up the rats' tails in a row on the barn door, to show how many they have caught, dozens and dozens of them. 
 But Tom Kitten has always been afraid of a rat; he never durst face anything that is bigger than,  A Mouse. 
  'Twas the Night before Christmas 'Twas the night before Christmas, when all through the house Not a creature was stirring, not even a mouse; The stockings were hung by the chimney with care In hopes that St. 
 Nicholas soon would be there; The children were nestled all snug in their beds, While visions of sugar-plums danced in their heads; And mamma in her kerchief, and I in my cap, Had just settled our brains for a long winter's nap, When out on the lawn there arose such a clatter, I sprang from the bed to see what was the matter. 
 Away to the window I flew like a flash, Tore open the shutters and threw up the sash. 
 The moon on the breast of the new-fallen snow Gave the lustre of mid-day to objects below, When, what to my wondering eyes should appear, But a miniature sleigh, and eight tiny reindeer, With a little old driver, so lively and quick, I knew in a moment it must be St. 
 Nick. 
 More rapid than eagles his coursers they came, And he whistled, and shouted, and called them by name: 'Now, Dasher! now, Dancer! now, Prancer and Vixen! On, Comet! on, Cupid! on, Donder and Blitzen! To the top of the porch! to the top of the wall! Now dash away! dash away! dash away all!' As dry leaves that before the wild hurricane fly, When they meet with an obstacle, mount to the sky; So up to the house-top the coursers they flew, With the sleigh full of Toys, and St. 
 Nicholas too. 
 And then, in a twinkling, I heard on the roof The prancing and pawing of each little hoof. 
 As I drew in my head, and was turning around, Down the chimney St. 
 Nicholas came with a bound. 
 He was dressed all in fur, from his head to his foot, And his clothes were all tarnished with ashes and soot; A bundle of Toys he had flung on his back, And he looked like a peddler just opening his pack. 
 His eyes, how they twinkled! his dimples how merry! His cheeks were like roses, his nose like a cherry! His droll little mouth was drawn up like a bow, And the beard of his chin was as white as the snow; The stump of a pipe he held tight in his teeth, And the smoke it encircled his head like a wreath; He had a broad face and a little round belly, That shook when he laughed, like a bowlful of jelly. 
 He was chubby and plump, a right jolly old elf, And I laughed when I saw him, in spite of myself; A wink of his eye and a twist of his head, Soon gave me to know I had nothing to dread; He spoke not a word, but went straight to his work, And filled all the stockings; then turned with a jerk, And laying his finger aside of his nose, And giving a nod, up the chimney he rose; He sprang to his sleigh, to his team gave a whistle, And away they all flew like the down of a thistle. 
 But I heard him exclaim, ere he drove out of sight, 'Happy Christmas to all, and to all a good-night. 
' . 
